hello I'm Robbie Fowler and you're
watching Redman TV and palm beach in
redmond TV I'm here with Chris Peterson
kiss hey you must be absolutely buzzing
to be over in America it looked like you
wait and get a common then you put in
some great performances and you here
yeah it's been brilliant and I'm really
enjoying myself as i said i can't really
believe it but all i have to do is no
stay focused and really keep working
hard and trying to keep performing is
that something that brendan rodgers sort
of instills in the players is there it's
about you it's the mental side of the
game as much as you as the physical
ability on the pitch yeah definitely you
need to have all things in your locket
to play for liverpool and trying to
understand what you really need to do to
be here and it's all hard work like
talent take you somewhere but you need
to put in the work and now I really
realized that and I won't stop now I
mean it's been noticeable in the
obviously the bromby game you got you
got your goals and against Preston as
well it is it's that it's that way
create that you're putting in on the
pitches that's something that you've
always had was that something you've had
to work on no I definitely had it before
when I was younger played in the Sun
deleting back in Sweden and I was the
guy just walking up there you know
waiting for the ball and complaining if
I didn't get the ball you know but now
I'm a different person in a different
footballer and and that's what Liverpool
give you that's why I choose to move
over as a 16 year old curse I wanted to
learn everything what it takes to be a
footballer and I'm really trying to take
everything on board that coach has been
telling me through the year SN and it's
time to pay off and I've been really
appreciate everything that I've been
given through the ranks here in
Liverpool what is it what did it feel
like to get those goals in preseason
people who score goes doesn't matter if
it's on illegal first in focus it's no
better feeling in to do it in for a
number crowd especially the Preston game
with the crowd Liverpool fans were on
that side of it isn't undescribable you
know but it was it can't get any better
me you still aim easter women with ryan
mclaughlin know we used to live with
each other now we got our own separate
apartments but we still very good
friends it's excellent to tell them how
are you getting on over there yeah yeah
we've been texting each other that's
just it some more some more laid back
once a year are you Daffy fellow pro evo
man I used to be a pro when I was a kid
because it was better on ps2 but now you
need to be fifa playing now everyone
playing fee
I asked it I asked fry this as well have
you ever made yourself better than a
game I never been on the game really
well where I when I was the Tranmere I
was like for a month on the game then it
took me officer I never had never been
there to be honest did you ever put
yourself in as a kid maybe as a really
young kid but me and my friend Joachim
we used to like put fake names and like
make them 99 and everything but we never
really put ourselves into it so
obviously you must be the home for the
rest at all and obviously the season as
well it looks like what Brendan Rodgers
got goin is that players you prove
themselves are getting given opportunity
so you must be hopeful if you can keep
this up then you know perhaps a chance
in the Premier League this year yeah
that has to be named I mean a massage
who can and work for that and like see
where your land but there has to be the
end hot to play in the Premier League
and gives you motivation he he is parted
the manage the gaffer he inspires you
every day to really trying to to go for
that aim and isn't no reason to stop I
will just keep digging in and work as
hard as I can you know and and if the
chance comes I prepare myself to take
the chance and lastly who's the air
who's the most difficult play co-op
against date every day in training
that's a very tough on Martin's careful
it's a hard one when you place a strike
you know it's always up there on you on
your back heels in that doesn't doesn't
do a training it does it 110% even an
improv that should be unfair to everyone
that's like you can't do ninety percent
in a trainee at Liverpool has to be one
hundred and ten percent otherwise you'll
be told you know differently so everyone
knows that that's why it is special to
be here because I will have that in the
rest of my career then the mentality did
you get get a Liverpool and it's
something special nice one good luck for
the rest of season makes giver been
fantastic so far thank you see you later